Da Vinci 1.0 - New Print Module Replacement Tutorial
In order to enable da Vinci 1.0 to use PLA wire
Please replace the new printing module and confirm that each material uses a dedicated module.
Please remove the wire inside the old nozzle before replacing the printing module.
Please turn off the power and remove the plug after removing the wire
Cut off the cable tie on the print module
Remove the original heating cable
Lightly press the cassette to remove the quick release print module
Load a new print module
The two cables attached to the box have the size of the head.
Connect the larger end of the cable to the nozzle
Fix the new cable above the printing module with a cable tie or insulating tape
The white cable connection should be specially fixed to prevent loosening.
Insert the finished cable into the cable guide hole of the case
And introduce the new cable to the rear of the case along the original cable
Remove the back cover of the case to continue to change the connection cable
Please remove the back cover with a T10 star screwdriver.
Remove the two star screws on the back cover
Remove the back cover
Pull out the two cables that you just wore
And exchange with the two old lines indicated on the screen.
Old cable does not need to be removed, it does not affect the printing function
After connecting the cable, please move the printing module to the farthest end to confirm the smooth cable.
Cut off the excess portion of the cable tie to ensure the printing process is normal
Re-lock the back cover of the cabinet to complete the replacement of the nozzle
Immediately after the replacement, perform platform calibration
And complete the printer registration
When you use PLA printing for the first time, the software will prompt you to register the newly changed printing module.
In this case, please download and install the update kit according to the software instructions.
The update kit needs to be fully unzipped to the desktop to function properly.
Please turn off XYZware as indicated after opening the update kit.
The update is in progress and needs to be confirmed in the network environment to facilitate the update.
To update, you need to enter the print module serial number to complete the registration.
The serial number is marked under the outer box
After confirming that the serial number is correct, you can continue to update the action.
At this point the machine will automatically perform a series of corrections and updates.
Do not turn off the power and confirm that the network is connected.
After the update process is completed
Congratulations, the replacement printing module has been completely completed.
Another wonderful print experience!